Usnft (USNFT) . It stabilizes prices by rebalancing the money supply. This staplecoin has no collateral at all. There is a certain amount of USNFT in circulation. Depending on supply and demand (and thus fluctuations in the exchange rate), a time-weighted average price (TWAP) is determined daily, and if it exceeds a set allowable exchange rate range, the number of coins in the wallets of all coin holders is either reduced or increased proportionately.
If the exchange rate exceeds a threshold value (the upper limit of the allowable range of variation), the number of coins in circulation increases. If the exchange rate is below the threshold (the lower limit of the allowed range), the number of coins in circulation decreases. This is done in the expectation that this manipulation of the money supply and demand will result in a change in the balance of supply and demand, and, accordingly, the exchange rate will align in the desired direction and return to the established price corridor.
As you can see, the model for stabilizing this coin, which is supposed to be stable by its purpose, is initially based on a speculative component. In fact, this means that the model implies that the rate must be unstable in order to be stable.
Instead of changing the value of each coin, the number of coins in the wallets changes. Logically, the capitalization of that coin on the graph should represent almost a straight line, while the rate graph should not, or better yet, the opposite. In reality, however, both graphs are very far from that.
Unsft is designed to be more stable the more users it has. If the project loses interest, it will simply "eat up" all its coins, as the exchange rate will constantly fall and the money supply will constantly shrink, i.e. it will enter a "death spiral" phase. However, so far everything is fine with the project. USFNT can be placed in multiple pools, providing liquidity to automated market makers (AMMs).
In order not to put users before the fact of their voluntary and forced participation in the manipulation of the money supply, projects that use senorage to stabilize have emerged.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)